Adaptability
Increases the power of moves with a different type than the user by 33.33%.
Aftermath
Damages an attacking pokemon by half of their maximum HP when a direct attack causes the pokemon to faint.
Air Lock
The pokemon clears the weather upon entering battle and prevents the weather from being changed.
Analytic
The power of the pokemon's moves are increased by 30%, but it always moves last.
Anger Point
Doubles the pokemon’s attack and special attack when it reaches half health.
Arena Trap
Prevents opposing pokemon from fleeing or switching out. Ineffective against Flying-type pokemon, Ghost-type pokemon, and pokemon with the Levitate ability.
Bad Dreams
Damages sleeping pokemon by 12.5% of their maximum HP every turn.
Battle Armor
Protects the pokemon from critical hits.
Big Pecks
When an opposing pokemon lowers one of the pokemon's stats, the pokemon's Defense stat is increased by 2 stages.
Blaze
Raises the power of Fire-type moves by 33.33%.
Chlorophyll
Doubles the pokemon's speed stat in harsh sunlight.
Clear Body
Protects the pokemon from opposing pokemons' stat-lowering moves and abilities.
Color Change
Changes the pokemon's type to the type of the move that just hit it.
Competitive
When an opposing pokemon lowers one of the pokemon's stats, the pokemon's Special Attack stat is increased by 2 stages.
Compound Eyes
Raises the pokemon's accuracy by 30%.
Contrary
Stat changes have the opposite effect on the pokemon.
Cursed Body
Opposing pokemons' moves have a 30% chance of being disabled for 3 turns if they hit.
Cute Charm
Opposing pokemon have a 50% chance to become infatuated when they land a direct attack on the pokemon.
Damp
Prevents any pokemon in battle from using self-sacrificing moves.
Defeatist
Increases the pokemon’s attack and special attack by 35% when it is above half health, but decreases it by 20% when it is below half health.
Defiant
When an opposing pokemon lowers one of the pokemon's stats, the pokemon's Attack stat is increased by 2 stages.
Download
Raises the pokemon's Attack or Special Attack stat by 1 stage in accordance with an opposing pokemon's weakest defensive stat.
Drizzle
The pokemon changes the weather to rainy weather for 8 turns upon entering battle.
Drought
The pokemon changes the weather to sunny weather for 8 turns upon entering battle.
Dry Skin
Restores 25% of the pokemon's maximum HP when hit by a Water-type move and restores 12.5% of its maximum HP per turn in rainy weather. However, the pokemon takes 25% more damage from Fire-type moves and it takes damage equal to 12.5% of its maximum HP per turn in harsh sunlight.
Early Bird
The pokemon wakes up after only 1 turn of sleeping.
Effect Spore
Opposing pokemon have a 30% chance of being slept, poisoned or paralyzed upon landing a direct attack on the pokemon.
Filter
Reduces the damage taken from Super-Effective attacks by 50%.
Flame Body
Opposing pokemon have a 50% chance of being burned upon landing a direct attack on the pokemon. Prevents the pokemon from being frozen.
Flare Boost
Increases the power of special moves by 50% when burned.
Flash Fire
When the pokemon is hit by a Fire-type move, rather than taking damage, the power of its Fire-type moves is increased by 50%.
Flower Gift
Raises the Attack and Special Defense stats of the pokemon and its allies by 50% in sunny weather.
Forecast
Changes the pokemon's type to match the weather.
Forewarn
The pokemon reveals opposing pokemons' moves and items upon entering battle.
Friend Guard
Reduces damage done to allies by 25%.
Gluttony
Allows the pokemon to eat a held berry at only half HP. Ignores the Unnerve ability.
Guts
Increases the pokemon's Attack stat by 50% when it is afflicted by a status condition.
Harvest
Provides a 50% chance of restoring a used berry at the end of every turn. This chance is 100% in sunny weather.
Healer
Prevents allies from being affected by status conditions.
Heatproof
Halves the damage taken from Fire-type moves and provides immunity to the burned status condition.
Honey Gather
The pokemon may find honey after a battle if it has no held item. The chance it finds honey corresponds to its level.
Huge Power
Doubles the Attack stat.
Hustle
Raises the Attack and Special Attack stats by 50%, but reduces the accuracy of physical and special moves by 15%.
Hydration
Now grants immunity to all status moves while it is raining.
Hyper Cutter
Prevents the Attack stat from being lowered.
Ice Body
Restores 6.25% of the pokemon's maximum HP every turn in hail.
Illuminate
Raises the pokemon's accuracy by 30%.
Illusion
The pokemon is disguised as the last pokemon in the party upon entering battle.
Immunity
Prevents the pokemon from being poisoned. Allows the pokemon to remove Toxic Spikes upon switching in.
Imposter
The pokemon transforms into an opposing pokemon upon entering battle.
Infiltrator
The pokemon ignores the effects of Light Screen, Mist, Reflect, Safeguard and Substitute.
Insomnia
Prevents the pokemon from falling asleep.
Intimidate
The pokemon lowers the opposing pokemons' Attack stat by 1 stage upon entering battle.
Iron Barbs
Damages an attacking pokemon by 12.5% of their maximum HP when they land a direct attack.
Iron Fist
Increases the power of punching moves by 30%.
Justified
Raises the pokemon's Attack stat by 1 stage upon being hit by a Dark-type move.
Keen Eye
Prevents the pokemon's Accuracy stat from being lowered. Allows the pokemon to ignore evasiveness-raising moves.
Klutz
Raises the Attack and Special Attack stats by 35%, but the pokemon is unable to use items.
Leaf Guard
Protects the pokemon from status conditions in sunny or rainy weather.
Levitate
The pokemon is immune to Ground-type moves.
Lightning Rod
Draws all Electric-type moves to the pokemon. Rather than taking damage from Electric-type moves, the pokemon's Special Attack stat is increased by 1 stage.
Limber
Prevents the pokemon from being paralyzed.
Liquid Ooze
Opposing pokemon lose HP when using an HP-draining move rather than gaining HP.
Magic Bounce
The pokemon reflects opposing pokemons' status moves that target the pokemon.
Magic Guard
The pokemon only takes damage from moves.
Magician
The pokemon takes an opposing pokemon's item upon hitting it with a move. This fails if the pokemon already has an item.
Magnet Pull
Prevents opposing Steel-type pokemon from fleeing or switching out. Innefective against Ghost-type and Dark-type pokemon.
Marvel Scale
The pokemon's Defense stat is increased by 50% when afflicted with a status condition.
Minus
Raises the Special Attack stat by 50% if another ally has Plus or Minus.
Mold Breaker
Allows the pokemon to hit opponents regardless of their abilities.
Moody
At the end of every turn, one stat is raised by 2 stages and another is lowered by 1 stage.
Motor Drive
Draws all Electric-type moves to the pokemon. Rather than taking damage from Electric-type moves, the pokemon's Speed stat is increased by 1 stage.
Moxie
The pokemon's Attack stat is raised by 1 stage upon knocking out an opposing pokemon.
Multiscale
Halves the damage taken when the pokemon's HP is full.
Multitype
The pokemon's type changes to correspond to the plate it is holding.
Mummy
Changes the ability of opposing pokemon that make direct contact to Mummy.
Natural Cure
The pokemon is cured of status conditions upon switching out.
No Guard
Moves used by or against the pokemon will always hit.
Overcoat
Protects the pokemon from the effects of weather as well as spore and powder moves.
Overgrow
Raises the power of Grass-type moves by 33.33%.
Own Tempo
Protects the pokemon from confusion, infatuation,the moves Captivate and Taunt and the Intimidate ability.
Photosynthesis
Restores 6.25% of the pokemon's maximum HP every turn in sunny weather.
Pickup
At the end of every turn, if the opposing pokemon has used an item, the pokemon will pickup the item. This fails if the pokemon is already holding an item. The pokemon may also find items after a battle if it is not holding one.
Plus
Raises the Special Attack stat by 50% if another ally has Plus or Minus.
Poison Heal
When the pokemon is poisoned, rather than taking damage, it recovers 12.5% of its maximum HP.
Poison Point
Opposing pokemon have a 50% chance of being poisoned upon landing a direct attack on the pokemon.
Poison Touch
Opposing pokemon have a 30% chance of being poisoned when the pokemon lands a direct attack.
Prankster
Gives extra priority to the pokemon's status moves. Dark-type pokemon are immune to moves if they are affected by Prankster.
Pressure
When the pokemon is hit by an opponent's move, it depletes 2 additional PP from that move.
Quick Feet
Doubles the Speed stat when the pokemon is affected by a status condition. Ignores the speed reduction of paralysis.
Rain Dish
Restores 6.25% of the pokemon's maximum HP every turn in rain.
Rattled
Increases the pokemon's Speed stat by 1 stage when hit by a Ghost-type, Dark-type or Bug-type move.
Reckless
Increases the power of moves that inflict recoil or crash damage by 20%.
Regenerator
The pokemon recovers 33.33% of its maximum HP when withdrawn from battle.
Rivalry
The pokemon deals 20% extra damage to pokemon of the same gender.
Rock Head
Protects the pokemon from recoil damage.
Rough Skin
Damages an attacking pokemon by 12.5% of their maximum HP when they land a direct attack.
Run Away
Allows the pokemon to always flee wild battles or switch out.
Sand Force
Increases the power of Rock-type, Steel-type and Ground-type moves by 30% in sandstorm weather. Protects the pokemon from sandstorm damage.
Sand Rush
Doubles the pokemon's Speed stat in a sandstorm. Protects the pokemon from sandstorm damage.
Sand Stream
The pokemon changes the weather to sandstorm weather for 8 turns upon entering battle.
Sand Veil
Protects the pokemon from status moves in sandstorm weather.
Sap Sipper
When the pokemon is hit by a Grass-type attack, rather than taking damage, the pokemon's Special Attack stat is increased by 1 stage.
Scrappy
Allows the pokemon to hit Ghost-type pokemon with Normal-type and Fighting-type moves.
Serene Grace
Doubles the chance of a move's additional affects occuring.
Shadow Tag
Prevents opposing pokemon from fleeing or switching out. Ineffective against Ghost-type pokemon, Dark-type pokemon, and opposing pokemon with Shadow Tag.
Shed Skin
The pokemon has a 33.33% chance to be cured of a status condition at the end of every turn.
Sheer Force
Increases the power of moves with additional effects by 30%, but the additional effects are lost.
Shield Dust
Protects the pokemon from the additional effects of moves.
Simple
Doubles the effect of stat changes on the pokemon.
Skill Link
Moves of the pokemon that hit multiple times will always strike the maximum amount of times.
Slush Rush
Doubles the pokemon's Speed stat by 50% in a hailstorm. Protects the pokemon from hail damage.
Sniper
Doubles the damage dealt by critical hits.
Snow Cloak
Protects the pokemon from status moves in a hailstorm.
Snow Warning
The pokemon changes the weather to hail for 8 turns upon entering battle.
Solar Power
In sunny weather, the pokemon's Special Attack stat is increased by 50%, but it takes damage equal to 12.5% of its maximum HP every turn.
Solid Rock
Reduces the damage taken from Super-Effective attacks by 50%.
Soundproof
Protects the pokemon from sound-based moves.
Specialist
Raises the power of moves with the same type as the user by 33.33%.
Speed Boost
The pokemon's Speed stat is increased by 1 stage upon dealing damage.
Static
Opposing pokemon have a 50% chance of being paralyzed upon landing a direct attack on the pokemon. Protects the pokemon from being paralyzed.
Steadfast
Rather than flinching, the pokemon's Speed stat is increased by 1 stage.
Stench
Opposing pokemon have a 20% chance to flinch when the pokemon uses a move to deal damage.
Sticky Hold
Prevents the pokemon's item from being taken or forcefully discarded.
Storm Drain
Draws all Water-type moves to the pokemon. Rather than taking damage from Water-type moves, the pokemon's Special Attack stat is increased by 1 stage.
Strong Jaw
Increases the power of bite and fang moves by 50%.
Sturdy
Prevents the pokemon from fainting after being hit by 1 move, leaving it with just 1 HP left. Protects the pokemon from OHKO moves.
Suction Cups
Prevents the pokemon from being forcefully switched out.
Super Luck
Doubles the pokemon's chance to get a critical hit.
Swarm
Raises the power of Bug-type moves by 33.33%.
Swift Swim
Doubles the pokemon's speed stat in rain.
Symbiosis
When an ally uses an item, the pokemon gives its own item to the ally.
Synchronize
When the pokemon is inflicted with a status condition, it inflicts its opponents with the same status condition.
Technician
Moves with a base power of 60 or less have their base power increased by 50%.
Telepathy
Prevents the pokemon from taking damage from an ally's move.
Thick Fat
Halves the damage taken from Fire-type and Ice-type moves.
Tinted Lens
Doubles the damage dealt by not-very-effective moves.
Torrent
Raises the power of Water-type moves by 33.33%.
Toxic Boost
Increases the pokemon's Attack and Speed stats by 50% when it is poisoned.
Trace
The pokemon copies the ability of an opponent.
Truant
The pokemon can only use moves that deal damage every other turn.
Unaware
The pokemon ignores the stat changes of opposing pokemon, except for the Speed stat.
Unburden
The pokemon's Speed stat is doubled if it loses or consumes a held item.
Unnerve
Prevents opposing pokemon from consuming berries.
Victory Star
Increases the accuracy of the pokemon and its allies by 10%.
Volt Absorb
When the pokemon is hit by an Electric-type move, rather than taking damage, it recovers 35% of its maximum HP.
Water Absorb
When the pokemon is hit by an Water-type move, rather than taking damage, it recovers 35% of its maximum HP.
Water Veil
Prevents the pokemon from being burned.
Weak Armor
When the pokemon is hit by a physical attack, its Defense is decreased by 1 stage, but its Speed is increased by 2 stages.
White Smoke
Protects the pokemon from opposing pokemons' stat-lowering moves and abilities.
Wonder Guard
The pokemon only takes damage from super-effective moves.
Wonder Skin
Opposing pokemons' status moves have a 30% extra chance to miss if the pokemon is the target.
Zen Mode
The pokemon changes form when it loses over half HP.